Add dedicated documentation for shared links (#840)
box/box-java-sdk: doc/folders.md

<!-- sample get_shared_items folders -->
```java
String sharedLink = "https://app.box.com/s/abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz123456";
String password = "letmein";
BoxItem.Info itemInfo = BoxItem.getSharedItem(api, sharedLink, password);
```

[get-shared-item]: http://opensource.box.com/box-java-sdk/javadoc/com/box/sdk/BoxItem.html#getSharedItem-com.box.sdk.BoxAPIConnection-java.lang.String-
[get-shared-item-password]: http://opensource.box.com/box-java-sdk/javadoc/com/box/sdk/BoxItem.html#getSharedItem-com.box.sdk.BoxAPIConnection-java.lang.String-java.lang.String-

Create a Shared Link
--------------------

A shared link for a folder can be generated by calling
[`createSharedLink(BoxSharedLink.Access accessLevel, Date unshareDate, BoxSharedLink.Permissions permissions)`][create-shared-link].

<!-- sample put_folders_id add_shared_link -->
```java
BoxFolder folder = new BoxFolder(api, "id");
BoxSharedLink.Permissions permissions = new BoxSharedLink.Permissions();
permissions.setCanDownload(true);
permissions.setCanPreview(true);
Date unshareDate = new Date();
BoxSharedLink sharedLink = folder.createSharedLink(BoxSharedLink.Access.OPEN, null, permissions);
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A set of shared link access level constants are available through the SDK for convenience:
* `BoxSharedLink.Access.OPEN`
* `BoxSharedLink.Access.COLLABORATORS`
* `BoxSharedLink.Access.COMPANY`
* `BoxSharedLink.Access.DEFAULT`
* `accessLevels.DISABLED`

```

[create-shared-link]: http://opensource.box.com/box-java-sdk/javadoc/com/box/sdk/BoxFolder.html#createSharedLink-com.box.sdk.BoxSharedLink.Access-java.util.Date-com.box.sdk.BoxSharedLink.Permissions-

Get a Shared Link
-----------------

> A shared link for a folder can be generated by calling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve the shared link for a folder by calling
```

```java
BoxFolder folder = new BoxFolder(api, "id");
BoxFolder.Info info = folder.getInfo()
BoxSharedLink link = info.getSharedLink()
String url = link.getUrl()
```

[get-shared-link]: http://opensource.box.com/box-java-sdk/javadoc/com/box/sdk/BoxItem.Info.html#getSharedLink--

Update a Shared Link
--------------------

A shared link for a folder can be updated by calling the same method as used when creating a shared link,
[`createSharedLink(BoxSharedLink.Access accessLevel, Date unshareDate, BoxSharedLink.Permissions permissions)`][create-shared-link].

<!-- sample put_folders_id update_shared_link -->
```java
BoxFolder folder = new BoxFolder(api, "id");
BoxSharedLink.Permissions permissions = new BoxSharedLink.Permissions();
permissions.setCanDownload(true);
permissions.setCanPreview(true);
Date unshareDate = new Date();
BoxSharedLink sharedLink = folder.createSharedLink(BoxSharedLink.Access.OPEN, null, permissions);
```

Remove a Shared Link
--------------------

A shared link for a folder can be removed by calling [`removeSharedLink()`][remove-shared-link].

<!-- sample put_folders_id_shared_link_remove -->
```java
BoxFolder folder = new BoxFolder(api, "12345");

> BoxFolder.Info info = file.getInfo();
> info.removeSharedLink();
> file.updateInfo(info);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BoxFolder.Info info = folder.getInfo();
info.removeSharedLink();
folder.updateInfo(info);
```
